KALEB SAXTON
Data Science Manager
ksaxton@email.com | (123) 456-7890
Houston, TX

EDUCATION
B.S. Mathematics and Economics
Rice University
September 2008 - April 2012
Houston, TX

SKILLS
Technical Skills:
Python (NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Keras, Flask)
SQL (Redshift, MySQL, Postgres, NoSQL)
Git

Domain/Soft Skills:
Leadership Experience
Recommendation Engines
Customer Segmentation
Propensity Modeling
Productionizing Models

WORK EXPERIENCE

Data Science Manager
Westlake Chemical
February 2018 - current
Houston, TX
• Supervised 3 data scientists and 1 data engineer in developing marketing mix models that led to an ROI improvement of 21% on digital marketing spend over the last 13 months.
• Collaborated with the product and marketing teams to identify which pre-client interactions increased chances of conversions, ultimately helping team to increase conversion rates by 32%.
• Developed documentation for methodologies and standards for the growing data science team.
• Identified duplications across team projects, and reduced instances of this by 92% with increased coordination and accountability.

Senior Data Scientist
Energy Transfer Partners
January 2015 - February 2018
Houston, TX
• Worked closely with the product team to build a production prediction engine in Python, which reduced crude oil profit loss by 16%.
• Used random forest models to study well subsets in order to optimize and increase efficiency by 22%.
• Compiled and prepared data and reports 2 times per month for stakeholders and functional teams.
• Recommended over 100 actionable steps within the first year that improved automation by 7% and profits by 9%.

Data Analyst
CenterPoint Energy
April 2012 - January 2015
Houston, TX
• Identified process improvements through client data analysis, which led to a reduced profit loss of 8%.
• Owned the reporting using Python and SQL for energy production, saving 30+ hours of manual hours each week.
• Built ETL infrastructures and delivered data to Redshift, which increased stakeholder decision making output by 42%.
• Created and developed 5 new testing strategies, and created and updated the documentation.
